Company Values

As a starting point, you recommend documenting the core values of the company.
Choose the best of the following four answers (only one option is correct). Some answers may also contain some correct aspects, but choose the one which is most appropriate.

1. The company values are mainly important for the marketing of the products. You recommend to produce a market research for the STW certification, so that the furniture brand's market image is strengthened by incorporating sustainability and fair production. These values should be actively communicated via different marketing mix tools such as advertising campaigns, in-store presentations, and social media initiatives. At the end, the company values need to match, at least partly, with the values of their suppliers.

2. As each company is necessarily most interested in maximizing its profit, the core values consist mainly of the financial aspects of the company. The company currently has 10 million EUR and owns five product sites. These values strongly influence the business units' operation within the company.

3. You recommend starting a process with surveys and workshops to identify the core values. The company values need to be agreed on by all employees. The selection of values is then consolidated into a value statement in workshops with senior staff and relevant stakeholders. To ensure that the values are still acceptable in the market, you propose a survey of the main customers. The finalized value statement should then be actively communicated.

4. The company values are a good starting point as they give orientation for the long term, even in a changing market environment. You find out through interviews with the founder and key staff that the founder stands strongly for the values of quality, sustainability, and excellent functional design. These values have strongly contributed to the success in the past and the image of the company. In a company where the founder is still active as CEO, often the company values are closely tied to the values the founder stands for. Thus, you recommend communicating these as the core values of the company.
